Feat188 patterns weaves (#192)
federated-research/docs: website/pages/federated_research_patterns/computational.mdx

> # Computational Patterns

Reviewer: For this computational patterns pages, it could be helpful to add a a `_meta.js` to control the order of the section. 

Currently it is:

- Pooled
- Shared
- Traditional

I would opt for:

- Traditional
- Shared
- Pooled

Based on traditional being the most common, as you want to upgrade understanding as you walk through them.

There are dozens of ways to undertake federated analysis or federated learning and there are benefits and limitations of those processes.

Our work has shown that despite the significant number of federated tools, algprithms and platforms, when you examine 

> the patterns for how these analyses are undertaken they can be simply grouped based on two criteria, 

Reviewer: I think a colon would work here better than a comma, as the following content explains further.

```suggestion
the patterns for how these analyses are undertaken they can be simply grouped based on two criteria: 
```

> | Component         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 

Reviewer: This is a great table - but I'm not sure the way it is formatted makes it clear to a reader that you pick one of these (I think that is the intention). 

As in, the Analytical component is `Isolated|Connected|Centralised`

Perhaps a table for each component here would work better.

|-------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **Analytical**    | There are three key concpets that summarise the vast number of analytics and learning that are possible when data is spread across multiple TREs:<br/><br/> **Isolated** – these are analyses that are replicated individually within each TRE. <br/><br/>**Connected** – these are analyses which require multiple rounds of local calculation and aggregation, requiring the TREs to receive results from other TREs to be included in the local calculations. <br/><br/>**Centralised** – these analyses require data to be pooled, even temporarily, for the analyses to be performed.                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Analytical**    | There are three key concepts that summarise the vast number of analytics and learning that are possible when data is spread across multiple TREs:<br/><br/> **Isolated** – these are analyses that are replicated individually within each TRE. <br/><br/>**Connected** – these are analyses that require multiple rounds of local calculation and aggregation, requiring the TREs to receive results from other TREs to be included in the local calculations. <br/><br/>**Centralised** – these analyses require data to be pooled, even temporarily, for the analyses to be performed.                                               |
```

> | **Data Movement** | As determined by the algorithm type, this is how data is required to move in and out of a TRE and how it is executed. <br/><br/>**Summary:** where a statistical result is shared back that does not relate to any individual but is a calculation based on the confidential data. It is the summary result that moves from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Model Parameters:** where a machine learning algorithm has been run on the data and the weights are moved from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Row level data**: where row level data is moving, whether that is anonymised (or not), but each data element is at the level of an individual. |

Reviewer 3: There's some nuance here with the model parameters on the connected stuff.

Because this applies to other types of ML and non-ML models, I started saying model parameters rather than model weights, because 'weights' is only correct for certain types of ML model.

> | **Data Movement** | As determined by the algorithm type, this is how data is required to move in and out of a TRE and how it is executed. <br/><br/>**Summary:** where a statistical result is shared back that does not relate to any individual but is a calculation based on the confidential data. It is the summary result that moves from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Model Parameters:** where a machine learning algorithm has been run on the data and the weights are moved from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Row level data**: where row level data is moving, whether that is anonymised (or not), but each data element is at the level of an individual. |

Reviewer 3: I think this would read a little better:

```suggestion
| **Data Movement** | As determined by the algorithm type, this is how data is required to move in and out of a TRE and how it is executed. <br/><br/>**Summary:** where a statistical result is shared back that does not relate to any individual but is a calculation based on the confidential data. It is the summary result that moves from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Model Parameters:** where a machine learning algorithm has been run on the data and the weights are moved from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Row level data**: where row level data is moving, whether or not the data is anonymised. Each data element is at the level of an individual. |
```

> | **Data Movement** | As deteremined by the algorithm type, this is how data is required to moves in and out of a TRE and how it is exectued. <br/><br/>**Summary:** where a statistical result is shared back that does not relate to any individual but is a calculation based on the confidential data. It is the summary result that moves from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Model Parameters:** where a machine learning algorithm has been run on the data and the weights are moved from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Row level data**:where row level data is moving, whether that is anonymised (or not) but each data element is that at the level of an individual. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Data Movement** | As determined by the algorithm type, this is how data is required to move in and out of a TRE and how it is executed. <br/><br/>**Summary:** where a statistical result is shared back that does not relate to any individual but is a calculation based on the confidential data. It is the summary result that moves from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Model Parameters:** where a machine learning algorithm has been run on the data and the weights are moved from the TRE. <br/><br/>**Row level data**: where row level data is moving, whether that is anonymised (or not), but each data element is at the level of an individual. |
```

## Connections

> The patterns we have identified to date indicate that the type of analysis to be run dictates the type of data to move. It is important to state that this classifications of the data movement does not indicate the disclosive data of a specific result. Clearly summary results are less liekly to be disclosive than row level data, however, we are not stating any safety element to the data movement. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The patterns we have identified to date indicate that the type of analysis to be run dictates the type of data to move. It is important to state that these classifications of the data movement do not indicate the disclosive data of a specific result. Clearly, summary results are less likely to be disclosive than row-level data; however, we are not stating any safety element to the data movement. 
```
